Add instruction to set openai configuration information (#12531)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/llms/llm-setup.mdx

To configure the API token, follow these steps:

1. If you haven't already, sign up for an account on the OpenAI platform.

>    Navigate to the OpenAI Key Management page at https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Navigate to the [OpenAI Key Management page](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys).
```

   Once there, click on the "Create New Secret Key" button to initiate the process of
   obtaining your API key.

2. Setting the API key as an environment variable, you can use the following command in a
   terminal or command prompt:

>    ```shell Copy code

Reviewer 2: we might want to also give instructions on how to do it on Powershell. To that end we could use tabs like [here](https://github.com/RasaHQ/rasa/blob/f9682d4a43f3aaa2bfb9c4729588371030c21886/docs/docs/deploy/deploy-rasa.mdx#L29-L50)

> 1. If you haven't already, sign up for an account on the OpenAI platform.
>    Navigate to the OpenAI Key Management page at https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys.
>    Once there, click on the "Create New Secret Key" button to initiate the process of
>    obtaining your API key.
> 
> 2. Setting the API key as an environment variable, you can use the following command in a
>    terminal or command prompt:
>    ```shell Copy code
>       export OPENAI_API_KEY=<your-api-key>
>    ```
>   Replace `<your-api-key>` with the actual API key you obtained from the OpenAI platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. If you haven't already, sign up for an account on the OpenAI platform.
2. Navigate to the [OpenAI Key Management page](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys),
    and click on the "Create New Secret Key" button to initiate the process
    of obtaining your API key.
3. To set the API key as an environment variable, you can use the following command in a
   terminal or command prompt:
   ```shell Copy code
      export OPENAI_API_KEY=<your-api-key>
   ```
  Replace `<your-api-key>` with the actual API key generated in the previous step.
```

To configure the API token, follow these steps:

1. If you haven't already, sign up for an account on the OpenAI platform.

2. Navigate to the [OpenAI Key Management page](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys),
   and click on the "Create New Secret Key" button to initiate the process of
   obtaining your API key.

3. To set the API key as an environment variable, you can use the following command in a
   terminal or command prompt:

>    ```shell

Reviewer 2: for consistency we should add tabs here too, thanks for adding them below!

  OpenAI Service.
- `openai.api_base`: This should be the URL for your Azure OpenAI instance. An
  example might look like this: "https://docs-test-001.openai.azure.com/".

To configure these parameters, follow these steps:

> 1. To configure the `openai.api_type` as an environment variable:

Reviewer 2: can we describe what "api_type" means using words? also, what are other valid options we support?

Reviewer 2: oh ok, I didn't see that, then ignore me

  ```shell
  export OPENAI_API_TYPE="azure"
  ```

> 2. To configure the `openai.api_base` as an environment variable:

Reviewer 2: same as above, can you describe what "api_base" is and why someone needs to configure it?

Reviewer 2: do we want to give instructions on how to set `api_version`?

Author: `api_version` is defined based on `api_type`
https://github.com/openai/openai-python/blob/main/openai/__init__.py#L51

If we want to make `api_version` configurable, we need to change the approach of configuring from using environment variables to using policies configuration
